Merry fish must so every what nothing. No, it's good. You don't like fish miss. I don't love it. Okay. I like it's very nice
Well, it's happened now is there is there Merry fish must everyone hope you've had an incredible day
And you're probably thinking hey, it's not Friday. What's going on? This is a bonus episode
Is it a present from us to everybody? It is
Exactly what it is very nice what this is is the first chapter of our
audiobook of the year we spoke to the people at random house they really kindly said go for it give them the first
Chapter of the audiobook. That's what this episode is the entirety of a and what we did is we sat in a studio the four of us
We read out the book and we just jumped in and interrupted each other along the way like a classic podcast and the other
Present is for everyone in North America because we weren't going to be able to sell the audiobook of the air in the USA and now
We've just had the news from the publishing company that we are going to be selling it there
Yeah, it means that it's now available
So it's over nine hours long. You're only going to hear about 30 minutes of it
So if you want to get it do go to audible it's available on Amazon as well or wherever you get your audio books from and
It's not just North America Vanuatu. We're available to you now pick Ken Ireland's
Tuvalu now Roo. I mean, it's everywhere. It's in Australia. It's a New Zealand
It's also in massive countries like all of Europe as well. So yeah, all of Europe. So yeah, I hope you enjoy it
Have a Merry Christmas everyone. Listen out the end for a couple of outtakes that James has managed to track down and we'll see you in the new year
Merry fishmas. I knew you liked it. I do like it
Hey, in which we learn how Brexit was triggered in a space egg whether computers or humans are better at Pac-Man
Why Australia is air dropping kangaroo sausages?
Which King doubles as an airline pilot and who's invented an underwater warehouse?
Art Varks a zookeeper performed mouth-to-snout on an ad-vark for an hour
Only five ad-varks were born in Europe in 2016
So when one was born in the Polish city of rock clav this year and struggled to survive
The head of the small mammals division at the zoo there Andrej Mioska did all he could to keep him alive
We spoke to rock clav zoo and asked how you perform CPR on an ad-vark. This is what they said
Mr. Mioska acted on instinct
He cut the cord placed the baby on his fleece jacket and started rubbing it vigorously but gently with a towel
He then placed the baby snout in his mouth and blew the air in at the same time
He was doing chest compressions using his fingers and continue rubbing with a towel
After a few rounds the little heart started beating but the cubs still wasn't breathing
So Mr. Mioska went on with the mouth-to-snout ventilation altogether. It took about one hour after he came out
I am so glad you didn't do the accent there
I thought we're gonna start on a big Polish accent. I like the idea that to do master snout on an ad-vark
You have to hold the end of the ad-vark snout and then basically you can get both your hands around the rest of the ad-vark snout
For people listening and these doing the mine
Like playing a trumpet exactly. Yeah
This reminds me of a story actually that happened quite a few years ago in China
There was a small monkey that had eaten a peanut and it wasn't allowed to eat the peanut because it's stomach couldn't digest it
So someone had thrown it into the cage and it laid on its back in the cage dying and it was such a rare little monkey
They couldn't actually operate on it
So no one knew what to do all these zookeepers were going how are we gonna save this monkey and suddenly
Zhang Bangshan who was the veteran zookeeper at that zoo step forward and said I know how to save this monkey
And he went up to the monkey and he didn't perform mouth-to-snout
Oh mouth-to-mouth even on the monkey. He performed mouth-to-bum-bum
Could you spare us this technical mum-bug?
He looked the monkeys butt for over an hour
Sort of drawing the peanut through the system kind of like you know if you drop a ball in a pool
And you have to do that little wavy thing at the corner to bring the wave to bring the ball back to you
He lit for an hour this peanut out of the monkey and the monkey survived
There must have been a point about 45 minutes in where the other zookeepers were saying
Zhang Bangshan, what are you doing? I think I'd say earlier than that. I think he would have looked at them
I'm going to give me 15 more minutes. I also think we've gone off topic really early in this morning
So meanwhile in South Africa, scientists finally caught Abbax having a drink
250 years after the species was first described
It'll long been assumed that they got all the water they needed from the juicy bodies of termites
But a zoologist at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University in Potilisabeth
Graham Curley and his team announced the evidence exists for Abbax drinking from puddles
So we've never known them to drink before. Now this is huge news
Feels like we just haven't been watching them hard enough
I mean surely if they're drinking from puddles now they've always been doing it
It's not like puddles are new are they?
Puddles have been around as long as as long as water
This wasn't the only puddle news from the year by the way
Researchers in Australia found that koalas are now getting their water from puddles
They used to think it was just from eucalyptus leaves and they've never seen it before
But they think because of climate change they're now drinking from puddles
It's a bad year if you're a puddle
Suddenly there are two new massive threats to your existence
Chances are any advice for people who want to drink like Abbax?
There is if you can't find a puddle there's a bar in Exeter that's selling an advat cocktail
It's served with real ants
The drinks made with rum, lemongrass and lime and it's served with an ants chaser
The bar owner Patrick Foggerty describes it as crunchy yet satisfying
Abdications
The Japanese Emperor wanted to abdicate but wasn't allowed to tell anyone
Japan's Emperor Akihito is banned from making political statements
including any that suggests that he wants to abdicate
As a result he had to make a speech very delicately hinting at his concerns about being able to fulfill his duties
The government eventually worked out what he meant and allowed him to step down
I wonder if they said to him, "So do you want to abdicate?" and he said, "I didn't say that"
"It's pretty much, yeah, but he had to be so subtle about it so I'm feeling pretty old guys"
And then eventually they sort of figured it out
But there is still a problem for him which is that he has a distinct lack of airs
Once the new Emperor takes over there will only be three airs in total
because empress have to be men although there is now some debate about this
Some experts are worried that if the youngest prince Hissahito has no sons
the 2,600 year old imperial line will be broken
Although Hissahito is only 11 so it is a little early to tell how this will
And it's a lot of pressure on him isn't it?
Huge amount of pressure
That must be the smallest royal family in the world
Is it?
Well actually I think that the Vatican is technically a one man elected monarchy
And that is a royal family of one, but I know you disagree James
I do disagree, yeah
What about Saudi Arabia? They have a lot, don't they?
I think that's the largest royal family in the world
They've got 4,000 princes
Whoa
I know
So just back to Hissahito
As a young man, he had a list of 800 candidates for marriage prepared for him
Wow
And he rejected every single one of them in favour of someone he met playing tennis
And he's quite interesting guy
His main interest is marine biology
And he's an expert on the goby fish
And when the goby equivalent of an emperor, the dominant male, dies
He is replaced by the next in line
But if there are no males, then a female will change its sex and take the emperor's place
Abkhazia
A country that most of the world doesn't think exists
Had an election that assumed most of its population didn't exist
Abkhazia is a self-declared republic that's trying to break from Georgia
And is currently recognised only by Russia, Nicaragua, Venezuela
And bizarrely, the tiny Pacific island of Nauru
Still, despite the lack of more general recognition, parliamentary elections were held there this year
And technically, elections in Abkhazia are deemed invalid if less than 25% of people vote
But, although only 21% of the population voted on this occasion
The election was still declared valid as it was decided that any citizen who hold Georgian passports
Should not be regarded as Abkhazian nationals
The country was also the subject of a critically acclaimed Romanian documentary this year
Called Ualeh Louis Tarzan or Tarzan's Testicles
So this was the story of the world's oldest primate centre, the Institute of Experimental Pathology and Therapy
In the Abkhazian capital of Sukhumi
The institute provided the monkeys at the Soviet Union sent into space in the 1980s
And it was founded by a man called Ilya Ivanov
Whose lifetime obsession was creating an ape human hybrid
Advertising
The advertising for the newly opened Trump International Hotel and Tower in Vancouver
Claims it as six floors taller than it actually is
Trump hotels claim that the building is 69 stories high when actually it is only 63
They arrived at their total by including below-ground stories which are mostly used for parking in their calculations
In the course of his career, Trump has claimed that a 67-story tower has 78 floors
That a 43-story building has 46 floors
That a 44-story building has 52 floors
That a 31-story building has 41 floors
That a 70-story building has 90 floors
And that he lives on the 66th floor of a 58-story building
He needs to get his story straight
Meanwhile, the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Toronto paid a reported six million dollars
Not to advertise itself as a Trump hotel
The hotel decided to part ways with the Trump name
Following many years of construction delays, lawsuits, and more recently
Because it become a gathering point for protests against the president
The agreement they reached allows the management to remove all of Trump's branding from the 65-story building
Which, incidentally, has only 57 floors
The world champion of the ancient Chinese game of go
Was beaten by a three-year-old Brit who then immediately retired
Intriguing
What could that mean?
Considering I said it was about AI
One way or another, it's been a pretty bad year for humankind
We've been defeated by artificial intelligence at No Limit Texas Hold 'Em Poker
And the fighting game Super Smash Bros
But perhaps the most crushing defeat came when AlphaGo and AI program developed by Google's deep-mind technologies
Beat the world champion China's Kirji 3-0
AlphaGo was born in 2014 and was classed as British in the Go rankings
As the team behind it is based in London
After beating the world champion, it immediately retired
Deep-mind CEO, Demis Hassabis, said that winning these games had been the highest possible pinnacle for AlphaGo as a competitive program
Owing to its incredible complexity, Go had been one of the final games at which humans could still beat the machines
KG later said, "Lash year, it was still quite human-like, but this year it became like a god of Go"
James, I've never played Go
Yeah, can you quickly give me an idea of what we're talking about here?
Yeah, sure, so you have a board with lots of squares on it
And you put pebbles on it to win territory
And it's extremely complicated
There are 10 to the power of 10 to the power of 171 possible combinations of move
Which is pretty hard to imagine, right
Can you put that in some kind of metaphorical context for me?
Yes, I can, I love it
Oh, how convenient
If every grain of sand on earth each contained the number of stars in the Milky Way
And each of those stars had a hundred planets
And each of those planets had 10 billion humans
Then the number of cells in all those humans would be fewer than the number of zeros in the number that we're talking about
Wow
You know that famous story, there's a chess board and each has a grain of rice
And it doubles and doubles and some of these go all the rice and country
Do you think in this scenario you'd be like, "I've gone way too far"
This is, this is a lot of rice
Yeah
But that interview with KG, actually Chinese fans didn't see the interview
Because China, presumably for reasons of national pride, wouldn't allow the match to be shown on television or streamed online
Air drops
Australia is dropping sausages over its outback
They come in two flavours, toad and kangaroo
I will take kangaroo, please
They're not on offer for you, I'm afraid
So for years Australia has had this problem with cane toads which aren't indigenous to the continent
So many of its native animals eat them
And because the toads are toxic, they tend to kill their predators
So to combat this, scientists are dropping cane toad flavoured sausages
Laced with a chemical that makes predators feel sick
Over the outback, in the hope that it'll deter them from biting the real toads in future
A bit more brutally, the Aussie government is also dropping poisoned sausages to deal with their feral cats
Who are also partial to a bit of kangaroo wiener
Still fancy that kangaroo wiener Andy, now you know it's poison
That's all actually
This year Canada also combated an environmental issue with air drops
This time of pregnant bison
Bumped National Park has not had any bison for more than a hundred years
And the ecosystem suffers from their absence
Conservation has collected pregnant bison from the nearby elk island
And took them to the pastures of the Rocky Mountains
They spent the last 25 kilometres of their journey packed into shipping containers
Dangling underneath the helicopter by a rope
Their horns were covered in plastic hoses to stop them injuring each other and transit
Aliens
Eleven promising alien signals were reported this year
Unfortunately, they all turned out to be from mobile phones on earth
This is the green bank telescope in West Virginia
Which listens for radio signals that might indicate signs of intelligence from 692
Of the nearest stars to earth
It turns out however that the signals that aliens might send are very similar to those given out by mobile phones
This wasn't the only alien mystery that may have been sold this year
The wow signal was named in 1977 when Anne anomaly was found in a list of data
And astronomer Jerry R. Irman was so impressed that he circled numbers on his computer printout
And wrote the comment "wow" Antonio Paris, an astronomy professor at St. Petersburg College in Florida
Has now suggested that the signal didn't come from an alien life form
But from a couple of comets that were passing by at the time
Not everyone is convinced though
Alan Fitzsimmons, a scientist at Queen's University Belfast, has described the theory as "rubbish"
There were a lot of names on that paragraph James
Antonio Paris, Alan Fitzsimmons, can I throw another name into the mix?
Sure, former frontman of Blink 182 Tom DeLong
Okay
He was named UFO researcher of the year this year
At the 2017 International UFO Congress
And he got this because it turns out he's secretly been emailing high-level security people in America
To talk to them about the alien threats
Okay, like who?
Well, last year when the pedestrian emails were leaked
He was the campaign manager of Hillary Clinton
That was part of the big wiki leaks that was happening that ruined her campaign largely
Amongst those emails were emails from Tom DeLong
Blink 182's former lead singer
And he was saying I want to talk to you about all the stuff that I believe is going on
And that you have knowledge of on the inside about alien life and our contact with them
And as a result of all his digging and all of his expertise
He is officially the UFO researcher of the year 2017
And the rest of us missed the big story about Hillary's email leaks it turns out
What are the awards like? Are they a sort of golden probe that you win?
There you go, awards, okay
Can I always always always blink 182 but you said blink 182
I've always said blink 182
Does anyone say blink 182?
So they humped for ET moved up a gear this year
After the 500 meter aperture spherical telescope
Also known as Fast
The world's largest join the search
Fast is so vast that you could fill its dish with enough conflicts to supply
Every person on earth with one bowl's worth every day for a year
And still have some left over
It's cited in Guizhu Province, southwest China
And it hasn't proved universally popular
Is construction involved the forcible displacement of 9,000 villages
Amazon
The founder of Amazon.com became the world's richest person for just four hours
A surgeon Amazon stock on the 27th of July increased Jeff Bezos' net worth by 1.1 billion dollars
Which meant that he overtook Microsoft's Bill Gates
His worth a measly 90.7 billion
However, by the middle of the next day Bezos' stock had fallen back
And a few days later he was down to third place behind
A mancio or tega, the owner of the fashion company Zara
Amazon stock performance was largely thanks to increased sales
In the early days of the company, a bell would ring every time there was a sale
And staff would gather around to see if they knew the person who had made the purchase
They don't do that anymore
If they did that on their biggest sales day in 2017, Amazon Prime Day, 11th of July
A bell would need to be rung more than 80 million times
Sorry, would you mind putting that in some kind of context again for me?
Okay, I'll just rustle up something on the spot
That is the equivalent of every church bell in England being rung 2,400 times
Hang on, how many church bells are there in England?
Well, you can work that out if you divide 80 million by 2,400
I'm not sure I can, James
I believe that as an exercise for the reader
Each second is very important to Amazon
They've calculated that if their page is loaded just one second slower
It would cost them 1.6 billion dollars in annual sales
Amazon expanded beyond the online sector this year
Opening a physical bookshop in New York
The company recognizes that people have a habit of browsing in shops
Before buying their books online
And so registered a patent to stop customers in Amazon shops
From checking out competitors as they look around
It's not the only patent application that Amazon has filed in the past few months
They've also invented an underwater warehouse
In which everything is stored in watertight boxes at the bottom of the lake
Each has assigned a unique sound
Which, when triggered, inflates a balloon that floats the box to the surface
The idea is that this will be more efficient than having people or machines fetch the packages
Because they'll be transported by the water buoyancy instead
Amazon also holds a patent for a flying warehouse
Antarctica
The foreign office warned Britain's to look out for terrorists in the Antarctic
The population of Britain's 660,000 square miles of Antarctic territory
Maybe only 250
But as the foreign office points out, you can never be too careful
According to official guidelines that issued in May
Although there's no recent history of terrorism in the British Antarctic territory
Attacks can't be ruled out
Visitors should therefore be vigilant
But they will probably be fine
The last crime to be committed anywhere on the continent was back in 2003
And involved computer hacking
And even that wasn't homegrown, it was done remotely from Romania
One Britain who braved the terrorist threat was Patrick Bergel
Great grandson of Ernest Chackelton
Who made the first ever crossing of Antarctica by car
It was a month long, 3600 mile trip
Sponsored by Hyundai in a normal family car
Although it was adapted to run on jet fuel
I'd argue that isn't a normal family car then
Almost normal family car, I'd say
And to avoid littering, the team had to drag all the excrement behind them
In a huge fuel drum
Again, not the same as my family car
So when he was first asked to make the journey
Bergel hadn't even taken his driving test
He modestly insisted that
Compared to what my great grandfather did, this was 1,000th as hard
I would say that's less modest and more just accurate
I think his great grandfather would agree
His job was harder
So as if going on four wheels wasn't hard enough
Canadian Hank Van Wielden attempted a 700 mile bike ride
On a custom made 10,000 pound bicycle across Antarctica
He was meant to complete the journey in 30 days
But after six days of pulling a 90 kilo pack
In minus 40 degrees Celsius temperatures
He dropped out
He later said, "I got a taste of it
And I got my ass kicked by it"
"Apps"
If you want to make an emergency confession
There's an app for that
A new app developed in Spain and called Confessa Go
tells you where your nearest priest is for confession
And maps the best route to him
Handley also tells you the priest's name
And the year he was ordained
In addition, it includes the 10 commandments
To prompt you to recall what you might need to confess
So if you've covered in your neighbours' orcs or anything
Unlike Uber, the priest doesn't come to you
But on the plus side, he doesn't charge extra at busy times
What is a busy time for sins?
Oh, a good question
Christmas, I imagine
Do you think so?
Yeah
You're always coveting people's oxen
I think you've got time on your hands
Right
Also, a priest's available 24 hours for confession
I don't think so
Yeah, I assumed that there was a sort of time
That they get in that photo box
You know, like the confession booth
The confession booth
They should combine that with passport photos
So you look really happy once you've got everything off your chest
You have a nice big smile
So there have been other apps built recently
For various different things
So there have been apps built that will help you
If you want to find a celebrity lookalike partner
The dating app Bedou has added a feature
That allows users to look for celebrity lookalikes
Soon after launch, there were 1,405 people on the app
Who supposedly look like Ed Sheeran
According to them?
According to the app, I think
There are other apps which can help you find
Where the nearest iceberg is, providing you're in Canada
And there's one app that can stop you from buying things while drunk
So once you've consumed alcohol up to a self-imposed limit
The app stops your bank card from working
Unfortunately for the app to take effect
You need to be sober enough to tell it
That you've been drinking
If you're talking to a machine
You're drunk, I think
Not if the machine can respond to you
I mean sure if I'm talking to my washing machine
And I'll step way in like if I'm talking to Siri, I think that's okay
While we're on smartphones, Donald Trump has only downloaded one app on his phone
It's Twitter
But he has inspired 250 apps and more for Android alone
Including one that measures how many times a man interrupts a woman
One where you can draw your own executive order
And a third one, DJ Trump
Which uses a huge archive of words that Donald has said
To enable you to make the US president say anything you want
Arrests, human
A mafia boss famous for having a permanent erection
Was caught in Spain after seven years on the run
Francesco Castriota said his prior pism
Was thanks to his out of control cocaine habit
As he sat in court during a previous hearing
With a bag of ice on his aching groin
One policeman remarked that he could expect a stiff sentence
So his name is Castriota
I know, to notice that until I read it just now
No, we need it, it's very exciting, isn't it?
It's like his name is begging out for his penis to be removed
Other notable arrests include
A man in India who was arrested for trying to create a fake ID card
Using the name Osama bin Laden
He even uploaded a blurred photo of the former al-Qaeda leader as the profile picture
Police discovered the man's real name was Saddam Hussein
A woman in Bangladesh who believed that she was her husband's third wife
Had him arrested after discovering she was in fact his 25th
Of 28
Police arrested him at the home of his 27th wife
And lastly, a man was arrested by New York state police for driving under the influence of alcohol
This only came to international attention because Joseph Talbot didn't want anyone to know about it
After learning that his local paper the Times of Wayne County
Had covered the story he tried to buy every copy of the relevant edition to stop people finding out
Unfortunately, the fact that he managed to purchase around 900 copies
Became a story in its own right and then spread
Art
A giant snow globe was made using the confetti meant for Hillary Clinton's election night
This was designed by an artist called Bunny Berson
Whose former works include collages made from chads
Which are the punched out pieces of ballot paper that famously decided the year 2000 presidential election in favor of George W Bush
It took Berson two weeks to find the confetti that had been loaded into Hillary's victory cannons
Ready to celebrate the election result last November
And when she did she got the company who produced it to write a letter of verification
She then placed the confetti in a glass case with the slogan "And Still I Rise"
Which she took from a poem by Maya Angelou who was a close friend of the Clintons
In a less overtly political act a French artist called Abraham Pouacheval attempted to live like a chicken
And successfully hatched nine eggs
He sat on the eggs in a glass case in a Paris museum for a month
And they were underneath his bottom on a laying table which had a dug out section in it to stop the eggs from being squashed
Pouacheval said that his work, egg, raises the question of metamorphosis and gender
Despite animal scientists saying that the task was nearly impossible due to human's lower body temperature
After 21 days nine of his original ten eggs had indeed hatched
The chicks were sent to a farm
He is an amazing guy Pouacheval
Yeah
So in February this year he spent a week in another museum inside a 12-ton limestone boulder
It had a hollowed out section which was only slightly bigger than he was and he was sealed within it
Wow
Yeah, and he had little niches where he stored his food and drink and also his excrement
Do you think that maybe he has been kicked out of his flat and he's just looking for museums to live in?
He did live inside a stuffed bear for a while too
So actually there is a lot behind that theory I think
Another artist that hit the news this year was a Russian artist called Feodor Pavlov Andreyovich
who in America face potential charges of public lewdness
criminal trespassing and disorderly conduct after he was arrested for having himself delivered naked
inside a clear plastic box to the exclusive Metgala in New York
This is the fifth time he'd had himself sent to an art event
His aim being to donate himself to institutions that have difficulty understanding or accepting performance art
In a statement his friends clarified that the box had also been arrested
In their view the charges were ludicrous
They said even the policemen were showing signs of having fun
Ashes
Carrie Fisher's ashes were placed in an urn shaped like a massive prosack pill
The giant pill was one of her favourite ornaments
At a funeral in January her brother said of it
We felt it was where she'd want to be
This year people have also chosen to have their ashes sprinkled
In the toilet of a baseball stadium
The ashes of New York plumber and baseball fan Roy Regal
have been sprinkled in baseball stadium toilets all over America by his best friend Roy McDonald
McDonald said he has sometimes used the toilet at the same time as scattering his friend
But that I always flush in between
Ashes have also been sprinkled over a ferry
A ceremony on an Australian ferry went wrong when the ashes were blown back on deck and over the passengers
The daughter of the deceased said it was her mother having the last laugh
It could be worse. In late 2016 a man tried to scatter his opera loving friends ashes at New York City's Metropolitan Opera
Other members of the audience however assumed he was a terrorist who was trying to spread anthrax
He apologized saying it was a sweet gesture to a dying friend that went completely and utterly wrong in ways that I could never have imagined
Anyway, there've also been sprinkled in a hockey penalty box
A hockey player Bob Probert had his ashes sprinkled in his team's penalty box
or the sin bin because he had been involved in 200 mid-match fights in the course of his career
and had therefore spent 3,300 minutes there
And finally they've also been sprinkled in separate places
A survey of Britain's funeral directors revealed that they're now agreeing ever more frequently
to split ashes up to stop angry families arguing over them
Article 50
The letter that we ended up sending to activate Article 50 was six pages long
but it was nearly a hundred pages long
That's a big edit
Well, they didn't start with a hundred pages and then just whittle it down to six
The government sources said there were two options
but they eventually picked the six-pager
I think they may have thought that sending a hundred would have been excessive
Yeah, and so who wrote it? Was it Theresa May?
Well, she definitely had some civil service assistance
but she did definitely sign it
She gave it a wet signature i.e. with pen and ink
but unfortunately, she signed it with a parker pen that was once manufactured in Britain but is now made in France
Oh really? That's weird because also Article 50 was ratified in Norman French
So as the law passes in the House of Lords, the Lords have to say the words
Lorraine LeVault which is Old Norman French for the Queen allows it
Another thing about the letter is that it was delivered by Sir Tim Barrow, the UK's permanent
representative at the EU
and he took it from Britain's embassy in Brussels to the EU headquarters which is known as the space egg
Space egg? Well, that is just a nickname
It's a futuristic oval building set inside a cube made from recycled window frames from across Europe
But the location's pretty interesting
The back of the building was the Nazi headquarters during the occupation of Europe
Ah, speaking of Nazis, I read that Article 50 was put in place partly because of right-wing politics
The guy who wrote it did so at a time when Austria had this far-right politician called York Heider
and people really worried that he might be elected
So Article 50 was basically written partly to make it easier for a country to storm out of the EU
Yeah, that's right
And the guy who actually wrote Article 50 is called Lord John Care
and what I love about that is that in Spain his name would be Juan Care
But they wouldn't understand that in Spain because they all speak Spanish
Oh yeah, apart from the British people who live in Spain and they're not going to be there for long
because of Brexit
So in a few years no one will get that joke anymore
So it's not just expats, we also need to work out what to do with the word United Kingdom
in the Lisbon Treaty
So the Lisbon Treaty is the document that underpins the whole of the EU basically
and there are 12 mentions of the UK in it
and at the moment they think they're just going to leave them in
because it's going to be too much bureaucratic hassle to actually go through removing every mention
Is it true that Article 50 was given a lot of fake roots on its way to the space egg
so that when Sir Tim was delivering it it would confuse potential saboteurs
It's possible
It did definitely have an armed guard when it was on the Euro Star on its way over
and the Daily Telegraph reported that his path to the space egg was kept secret
in case ultra-remainers grabbed the letter from him
Wow, I mean I wouldn't call myself an ultra-remainer
but I did go on Google Maps
and I did the journey from one place to the other
and it is extremely short
so I don't think there's much space for alternate routes
No, it was about 300 metres
Yeah, all 328 yards as we're going to have to call it after 2019
Aviation
The King of the Netherlands revealed he's been secretly moonlighting as an airline pilot
Since ascending the throne in 2013
King Villem Alexander has been co-piloting commercial flights twice a month without telling passengers
He only ever pilots short haul flights though
and make sure to always return home on the same day
just in case he suddenly needed his king
Meanwhile in Afghanistan two MPs went one better
and took control of a plane they weren't even on
After learning the MPs had missed their flight from Kabul to Bamyan
supporters of the pair apparently organised a team to stop the plane from landing at Bamyan airport
by blocking the runway
It was therefore forced to fly back to Kabul
where it picked up the two politicians
According to Al Jazeera, one of them Abdul Rahman Shahidani said
"Everyone will now know who I am and what my power is"
Shahidani added that he hadn't asked his supporters to force the plane to return to Kabul
Another MP embroiled in an aviation scandal was Indian politician
Ravindra Geikwad who admitted to hitting an air-stored 25 times with his slipper
and breaking the steward's glasses
His excuse was that he had been given an economy seat rather than business
Air India explained that Mr Geikwad had been placed an economy rather than business
because there was no business class on this particular all economy flight
Avocados
The world's first avocado restaurants where every dish contains avocado
opened in New York
It ran out of avocados on its first day
Once all the kinks ran out the restaurant became very popular
They went through 650 pounds of avocado a week, helped, no doubt, by the fact that diners who particularly like avocados
can double the amount of avocado on their dish for an extra two dollars
So avocados reached peak hips to this year
Millennials were told the only reason they can't afford houses
is that they keep spending their money on avocado on toast
Avocados are dangerous too
They were blamed for a rash of brunch time hand injuries to people
Inetly trying to cut them up
The British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons
demanded that warnings should be placed on all avocados
I'm going to go back to the avocado restaurant
You know where you can double the amount of avocado on your plate for an extra two dollars
Presumably you can only do that once
Because like with the rice on the chessboard
If you do that eight times
That's already more avocados than Mexico produces in the year
So M&S are going to be lasering barcodes into their avocados because at the moment
They obviously have those little stickers on them with the barcodes
And by replacing those with lasers they're going to save 10 tons of paper and 5 tons of glue every year
And they did some early trials although they laser them too deep
And I think cut through the actual avocado
So did they call them avocados?
Yeah, they've also said that they're thinking about lasering pumpkins for Halloween
But there's no pun involved so
So they've given it up
So demand for avocados has increased but supply has fallen this year
And that's because avocados are an alternate burying crop
Which means that every other year the harvest is smaller
If you add that to the flooding in Peru and the workers strikes in Mexico
You have what America's national public radio has dubbed the guacapocalips
And with President Trump planning large tariffs on goods coming from Mexico to pay for his wall
It may be that avocados will soon be waiting even longer to get on the housing ladder
Joe died on the 14th of February in Beijing
January
Was that wrong the January?
No, what did I say?
You read February
I'm really tired
You read it twice
Sorry, I'm really tired
No, no, that's just amazing
Joe died on the 14th of February
Oh God
Joe died on the 14th of January in Beijing
In a hospital called peaking union
Terrible, I'm Valentine's Day as well
While statisticians were advising against putting glitter in envelopes
Doctors were nervous
I just remembered this bit
While statisticians were advising against putting glitter in envelopes
Doctors were advising against putting it in vaginas
After a product called passion dust appeared online
It's a glitter-filled capsule designed to be inserted into the vagina
Where it grudges
I'm so be going this
If you do the crime, you do the time
I don't know if there's anything you're going to have to read out
Oh my God
I'm so sorry
Oh, I think about awful things
Right
We all are
Rather than fabulous things
It's a glitter-filled capsule designed to be inserted into the vagina
Where it gradually dissolves and spills its contents
According to the website, this generates
According to the website, this generates a sweet flavour
Sparkly substance
According to the website, this generates a sweet flavoured sparkly substance
Called magicum that will liven up the user's sex life
Is that a lattered word?
I think it comes up in the earneed
Multiple gynecologists strongly advised against using the product
Saying it could lead to bacterial infections, thrush and inflammation
Few
[Music]